Add additional troubleshooting section for mirrors (#2211)
scalameta/metals: docs/build-tools/proxy.md

This might mean you need to specify proxy settings for Bloop or add custom
repositories as specified above.

### Mirrors still do not work for all dependencies

> In some specific configuration it might be needed to define additional mirrors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some specific configurations it might be needed to define additional mirrors
```

Author: Fixed!

like:

```
jcenter.from=https://repo1.maven.org/maven2
jcenter.to=https://artifactory.mycomany.com/maven2

typesafe.from=https://repo.typesafe.com/typesafe/ivy-releases
typesafe.to=https://artifactory.mycompany.com/typesafe-ivy-releases/
```

> The number of repositories to add depends on how the company's infrastructure is
> specified. The key is to keep adding mirror entries until you've fixed each

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of repositories to add depends on how the company's infrastructure is
set up. The key is to keep adding mirror entries until you've fixed each
```

Author: Fixed
